Update sip-X.md (#137)
Synthetixio/SIPs: sip-X.md

## Abstract
<!--A short (~200 word) description of the technical issue being addressed.-->
A short (~200 word) description of the proposed change, the abstract should clearly describe the proposed change. This is what *will* be done if the SIP is implemented, not *why* it should be done or *how* it will be done. If the SIP proposes deploying a new contract, write, "we propose to deploy a new contract that will do x".

## Motivation
<!--The motivation is critical for SIPs that want to change Synthetix. It should clearly explain why the existing protocol specification is inadequate to address the problem that the SIP solves. SIP submissions without sufficient motivation may be rejected outright.-->
This is the problem statement. This is the *why* of the SIP. It should clearly explain *why* the current state of the protocol is inadequate.  It is critical that you explain *why* the change is needed, if the SIP proposes changing how something is calculated, you must address *why* the current calculation is innaccurate or wrong. This is not the place to describe how the SIP will address the issue!

## Specification

> <!--The specification should describe the syntax and semantics of any new feature, there are five sections

Reviewer: I like that Specification section now covers the Overview, Rationale, Tech Spec and Test cases all into one.

# Rationale
<!--This is where you explain the reasoning behind how you propose to solve the problem. Why did you propose to implement the change in this way, what were the considerations and trade-offs. The rationale fleshes out what motivated the design and why particular design decisions were made. It should describe alternate designs that were considered and related work. The rationale may also provide evidence of consensus within the community, and should discuss important objections or concerns raised during discussion.-->
This is where you explain the reasoning behind how you propose to solve the problem. Why did you propose to implement the change in this way, what were the considerations and trade-offs. The rationale fleshes out what motivated the design and why particular design decisions were made. It should describe alternate designs that were considered and related work. The rationale may also provide evidence of consensus within the community, and should discuss important objections or concerns raised during discussion.

# Technical Specification
<!--The technical specification should describe the syntax and semantics of any new feature.-->

> The technical specification should describe the syntax and semantics of any new feature.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The technical specification should outline the public API of the changes proposed. That is, changes to any of the interfaces Synthetix currently exposes or the creations of new ones. 
```
